---
title: Oath Keepers
lastmod: '2023-12-02'
categories:
- Fascist
- Hack
- Organization
- 'United States of

  America'
info:
  dataset:
    country: ''
    type: ''
    source: ''
    size: ''
  download:
    magnet: ''
    torrent: ''
    direct: ''
  references: []
  notes: ''
---



From Distributed Denial of Secrets

---
RELEASE

**Oath Keepers**
Approximately 5 gigabytes of emails, chat logs, members and donor lists and other files from the servers of the Oath Keepers.
DATASET DETAILS
**COUNTRIES** United States
**TYPE** Hack
**SOURCE**
**FILE SIZE** 5 GB
DOWNLOADS ([How to Download](Torrents.html "Torrents"))
**MAGNET** [Link](magnet:?xt=urn:btih:b662259425d64c8c10bee8098df9c8f30d7b3e46&dn=Oath%20Keepers&tr=udp%3A%2F%2F9.rarbg.to%3A2920&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.opentrackr.org%3A1337&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fexodus.desync.com%3A6969)
**TORRENT** [Link](../images/0/02/Oath_Keepers.torrent)
**DIRECT DOWNLOAD** [Link](https://data.ddosecrets.com/Oath%20Keepers/)
MORE
**REFERENCES**
[Southern Poverty Law Center](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/oath-keepers)
**EDITOR NOTES**

---

Approximately 5 gigabytes of emails, chat logs, members and donor lists
and other files from the servers of the Oath Keepers.

The emails, which include mailboxes for each chapter as well as several
individuals in leadership roles, date between January 13th and September
19, 2021, and the chat logs date between June 22nd and June 26th, 2020
and February 5th and September 19th, 2021. Tens of thousands current and
former members are identified in the files, as well as numerous donors.

Due to their use of and references to [Gab](GabLeaks.html "GabLeaks")
and [GiveSendGo](GiveSendGo.html "GiveSendGo"), additional information
may be gleaned by cross-referencing with those datasets.

# Contents

- [[1] [Sensitive materials
restricted]](Oath_Keepers.html#Sensitive_materials_restricted)
- [[2] [Research]](Oath_Keepers.html#Research)
- [[2.1]
[National]](Oath_Keepers.html#National)
- [[2.1.1]
[Alabama]](Oath_Keepers.html#Alabama)
- [[2.1.2]
[Alaska]](Oath_Keepers.html#Alaska)
- [[2.1.3]
[Arizona]](Oath_Keepers.html#Arizona)
- [[2.1.4]
[Arkansas]](Oath_Keepers.html#Arkansas)
- [[2.1.5]
[California]](Oath_Keepers.html#California)
- [[2.1.6]
[Florida]](Oath_Keepers.html#Florida)
- [[2.1.7]
[Georgia]](Oath_Keepers.html#Georgia)
- [[2.1.8]
[Idaho]](Oath_Keepers.html#Idaho)
- [[2.1.9]
[Illinois]](Oath_Keepers.html#Illinois)
- [[2.1.10]
[Indiana]](Oath_Keepers.html#Indiana)
- [[2.1.11]
[Kentucky]](Oath_Keepers.html#Kentucky)
- [[2.1.12]
[Louisiana]](Oath_Keepers.html#Louisiana)
- [[2.1.13]
[Ohio]](Oath_Keepers.html#Ohio)
- [[2.1.14]
[Maryland]](Oath_Keepers.html#Maryland)
- [[2.1.15]
[Massachusetts]](Oath_Keepers.html#Massachusetts)
- [[2.1.16]
[Michigan]](Oath_Keepers.html#Michigan)
- [[2.1.17]
[Minnesota]](Oath_Keepers.html#Minnesota)
- [[2.1.18]
[Montana]](Oath_Keepers.html#Montana)
- [[2.1.19] [New
Jersey]](Oath_Keepers.html#New_Jersey)
- [[2.1.20] [New
York]](Oath_Keepers.html#New_York)
- [[2.1.21] [North
Carolina]](Oath_Keepers.html#North_Carolina)
- [[2.1.22] [North
Dakota]](Oath_Keepers.html#North_Dakota)
- [[2.1.23]
[Oklahoma]](Oath_Keepers.html#Oklahoma)
- [[2.1.24]
[Oregon]](Oath_Keepers.html#Oregon)
- [[2.1.25]
[Pennsylvania]](Oath_Keepers.html#Pennsylvania)
- [[2.1.26] [South
Carolina]](Oath_Keepers.html#South_Carolina)
- [[2.1.27] [South
Dakota]](Oath_Keepers.html#South_Dakota)
- [[2.1.28]
[Tennessee]](Oath_Keepers.html#Tennessee)
- [[2.1.29]
[Texas]](Oath_Keepers.html#Texas)
- [[2.1.30]
[Utah]](Oath_Keepers.html#Utah)
- [[2.1.31]
[Washington]](Oath_Keepers.html#Washington)
- [[2.1.32] [Washington
D.C.]](Oath_Keepers.html#Washington_D.C.)
- [[2.1.33] [West
Virginia]](Oath_Keepers.html#West_Virginia)
- [[2.1.34]
[Wisconsin]](Oath_Keepers.html#Wisconsin)
- [[2.1.35]
[Wyoming]](Oath_Keepers.html#Wyoming)
- [[2.2]
[International]](Oath_Keepers.html#International)
- [[2.2.1]
[Canada]](Oath_Keepers.html#Canada)
- [[2.2.2] [United
Kingdom]](Oath_Keepers.html#United_Kingdom)
- [[3] [Aftermath]](Oath_Keepers.html#Aftermath)

## Sensitive materials restricted

While the emails and chat logs are being made available to the public,
the remainder (a small minority of the files) is only being provided to
journalists and researchers due to the presence of PII, financial
information, passwords, decryption keys and other information which
could be abused.

## Research

Founded in 2009 in reaction to the election of Barrack Obama as US
President, the Oath Keepers are a loosely organized assembly of partisan
Republicans and Independents acting upon right wing conspiracy theories
involving a totalitarian Democrat-run federal government working in
concert with assorted shadowy global cabals.

Oath Keepers target sympathetic members of the Law Enforcement, First
Responder, and Military communities and the Republican Party for
memberships. Journalists parsing the Oath Keepers leak have confirmed
that of 38,000 members recorded, almost 1,400 were active or former Law
Enforcement, more than 100 were active Military, more than 100 more were
First Responders, and some 81 were politicians in or running for office.
Oath Keeper membership policies and practices mean these numbers are
possibly under-reported. Members waiting for membership packages after
paying their dues have complained of delays, and about the Oath Keeper
executive using membership funds for phone games, liquor and online
pornography.

Oath Keepers leader Stewart Rhodes and four others are on trial for
their involvement in the January 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol
Building. The Oath Keepers have used conspiracy theories about the
imminent threat of impending federal "decapitation strikes" against
their organization involving mass power blackouts for fund-raising and
recruitment.

## National

Letter from [65 Democratic congresspeople to Secretary of Homeland
Security Alejandro
Mayorkas](https://www.markey.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/markey_goldman_garcia_letter_to_dhs_on_domestic_violent_extremism_-_071723pdf1.pdf) (U.S. Congress)

[The Oath Keepers data leak: unmasking extremism in public
life](https://www.adl.org/resources/report/oath-keepers-data-leak-unmasking-extremism-public-life) (Anti-Defamation League)

[Hundreds of Oath Keepers have worked for DHS, leaked list
shows](https://www.pogo.org/investigation/2022/12/hundreds-of-oath-keepers-have-worked-for-dhs-leaked-list-shows?link_id=10&can_id=9c8ac6689ec3b491910a21552de4afaf&source=email-34-house-republicans-implicated-in-trump-plot&email_referrer=email_1765120&email_subject=34-house-republicans-implicated-in-trump-plot) (Project on Government Oversight)

[The clear message from the Oath Keepers' political
donations](https://www.thedailybeast.com/oath-keepers-put-their-money-where-their-republican-mouthpieces-are) (The Daily Beast)

[Leaked Oath Keepers' list includes hundreds of cops, dozens of elected
officials: Interactive map makes it easier to track security threats
from state to
state](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2022/09/leaked-oath-keepers-list-includes-hundreds-of-cops-dozens-of-elected-officials/) (Ars Technica)

[Elected officials, police chiefs on leaked Oath Keepers
list](https://www.voanews.com/a/elected-officials-police-chiefs-on-leaked-oath-keepers-list-/6734684.html) (Voice of America)

[Unbelievable: The leaked Oath Keepers list has names of elected
officials and law enforcement on
it](https://www.theroot.com/unbelievable-the-leaked-oath-keepers-list-has-names-of-1849507049) (The Root)

[Active-duty police in major U.S. cities appear on purported Oath
Keepers
rosters](https://www.npr.org/2021/11/05/1052098059/active-duty-police-in-major-u-s-cities-appear-on-purported-oath-keepers-rosters) (NPR)

[Meet the Oath Keeper on the NRA's board of
directors](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/nra-board-oath-keeper-ties-january6-1253376/) (Rolling Stone)

[They were trusted to train law enforcement officers, but they were
members of an anti-government militia
group](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2021/11/04/oath-keepers-hack-includes-police-trainers-membership-list/8576919002/?gnt-cfr=1) (USA Today)

[Oath Keepers use a dystopian fever dream to snare police forces,
military
vets](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/oath-keeper-police-military-veterans-conspiracy-theories-1248772/) (Rolling Stone)

[A charismatic interloper preached readiness and race war to the Oath
Keepers. Was he a federal agent or just a 'messed-up
vet'?](https://www.rawstory.com/jim-arroyo/) (Raw Story)

[After membership documents were leaked, we have new insight into the
Oath
Keepers](https://www.npr.org/2021/10/24/1048790445/after-membership-documents-were-leaked-we-have-new-insight-into-the-oath-keepers) (NPR)

[Data leak appears to reveal 133 Oath Keepers with ties to U.S.
military](https://www.adl.org/blog/data-leak-appears-to-reveal-133-oath-keepers-with-ties-to-us-military) (Anti-Defamation League)

[Far-right militia group membership surged after Capitol attack, hack
shows](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/oct/01/capitol-attack-oath-keepers-far-right-militia-group) (The Guardian)

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

[Hacked Oath Keepers Records Show Active Members Of Law Enforcement And
The Military Tried To Join The Group After Jan.
6](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/oath-keepers-hacked-emails) (BuzzFeed)

['Falling behind': Leak reveals Oath Keepers frustrated by
'self-screwing' organization after Jan.
6](https://www.rawstory.com/oathkeepers-leadership/) (Raw Story)

[Oath Keepers Had Money Troubles After Capitol Riot, Leaked Emails
Show](https://www.thedailybeast.com/oath-keepers-had-money-troubles-after-january-6-capitol-riot-leaked-emails-show) (The Daily Beast)

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a militia movement took root in
the Republican
mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

[Oath Keepers Panicked That the Left Would 'Decapitate' Them After
Failed Capitol
Putsch](https://www.thedailybeast.com/oath-keepers-panicked-that-the-left-would-decapitate-them-after-failed-capitol-putsch) (The Daily Beast)

[Online vigilantes are trying to stop right-wing extremists one hack at
a
time](https://melmagazine.com/en-us/story/hacktivism-hacktivist-groups) (MEL Magazine)

## Alabama

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a militia movement took root in
the Republican
mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

## Alaska

[After membership documents were leaked, we have new insight into the
Oath
Keepers](https://www.npr.org/2021/10/24/1048790445/after-membership-documents-were-leaked-we-have-new-insight-into-the-oath-keepers) (NPR)

[Leaked list shows Alaska state Rep. David Eastman is a 'lifetime
member' of a leading Capitol-riot
group](https://www.adn.com/politics/2021/10/20/leaked-list-shows-alaska-state-rep-david-eastman-is-a-lifetime-member-of-a-leading-capitol-riot-group/) (Anchorage Daily News)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Arizona

[Mark Finchem has raised nearly $10,000 from Oath
Keepers](https://www.azmirror.com/blog/mark-finchem-has-raised-nearly-10000-from-oath-keepers/) (AZ Mirror)

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

[This Oath Keeper 'oversees all operations' at Arizona sheriff's
department:
report](https://www.salon.com/2021/10/04/this-oath-keeper-oversees-all-operations-at-arizona-sheriffs-department-report_partner/) (Salon)

## Arkansas

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

[Lawless law officers: at least one Oath Keeper turns up in
Arkansas](https://arktimes.com/arkansas-blog/2021/10/03/lawless-law-officers-at-least-one-oath-keeper-turns-up-in-arkansas) (Arkansas Times)

## California

[Activists aiming to oust Riverside County Sheriff Chad Bianco, who was
a member of the Oath Keepers, in 2022
election](https://www.desertsun.com/story/news/politics/elections/2021/10/09/activists-look-oust-california-sheriff-ties-oath-keepers/5836166001/) (Desert Sun)

[California Attorney General Says Riverside Sheriff's Defense Of
Extremist Oath Keepers Is
'Disturbing'](https://laist.com/news/criminal-justice/california-attorney-general-says-riverside-sheriffs-defense-of-extremist-oath-keepers-is-disturbing) (LAist)

[California sheriff admits he once was member of far-right Oath Keepers
group linked to Capitol
rioters](https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/10/07/riverside-county-sheriff-chad-bianco/) (Washington Post)

[Former Riverside County treasurer donated to Oath Keepers soon before
taking
office](https://www.desertsun.com/story/news/crime_courts/2021/10/13/riverside-county-treasurer-jon-christensen-donated-oath-keepers/8438034002/) (Desert Sun)

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

## Florida

[Far right Oath Keepers group had bigger presence in Sarasota/Manatee
than previously
known](https://eu.heraldtribune.com/story/news/politics/2021/10/22/radical-extremist-group-oath-keepers-had-large-footprint-southwest-florida/8525078002/) (Sarasota Herald-Tribune)

[Hacked Oath Keepers roster shows more than 130 Volusia, Flagler, St.
Johns
members](https://www.news-journalonline.com/story/news/state/2021/10/13/deltona-city-commissioner-loren-king-list-florida-oath-keepers/6087616001/) (The Daytona Beach News-Journal)

[Local NAACP calls for Deltona city commissioner to step
down](https://www.fox35orlando.com/news/local-naacp-calls-for-deltona-city-leader-to-step-down) (FOX News)

## Georgia

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a Militia Movement Took Root in
the Republican
Mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

## Idaho

[Meet the Oath Keeper on the NRA's board of
directors](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/nra-board-oath-keeper-ties-january6-1253376/) (Rolling Stone)

[A new report found nearly 30 elected officials with ties to the
far-right Oath
Keepers](https://www.mic.com/impact/elected-officials-oath-keepers) (Mic)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Illinois

[Anti-Defamation League says 10 purported Oath Keepers in Illinois work
as firefighters, paramedics or EMTs, most of any
state](https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/breaking/ct-oath-keepers-adl-firefighter-paramedic-emt-illinois-20220908-6aur4wzcaje4ldbo2psckpsmne-story.html) (Chicago Tribune)

[Rockford area official says he joined Oath Keepers out of curiosity and
was not
involved](https://eu.rrstar.com/story/news/local/2022/09/15/rockford-area-official-aaron-booker-was-inactive-oath-keeper-member/69492819007/) (Rockford Register Star)

[CPD to investigate reports of cops in Oath
Keepers](https://www.axios.com/local/chicago/2021/11/08/cpd-to-investigate-reports-of-cops-in-oath-keepers) (Axios)

[Active-duty police in major U.S. cities appear on purported Oath
Keepers
rosters](https://www.npr.org/2021/11/05/1052098059/active-duty-police-in-major-u-s-cities-appear-on-purported-oath-keepers-rosters) (NPR)

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

## Indiana

['Whatever you need': Hacked Oath Keepers' data reveals what Hoosiers
said when
joining](https://eu.indystar.com/story/news/2022/09/26/hacked-oath-keepers-data-reveals-what-hoosiers-indiana-residents-said-when-joining-extremist-group/69504703007/) (Indianapolis Star)

[Indiana state Rep. Christopher Judy identified on leaked Oath Keepers
list](https://eu.indystar.com/story/news/politics/2022/09/13/indiana-rep-christopher-judy-identified-on-leaked-oath-keepers-list/69487176007/) (Indianapolis Star)

[Six elected officials in Indiana registered as Oath
Keepers](https://indianapublicmedia.org/news/six-elected-officials-in-indiana-registered-as-oath-keepers,-reports-author-explains-scope.php) (Indiana Public Media)

[Indiana Sheriff Jamey Noel disputes report linking him to Oath Keepers
extremists](https://www.yahoo.com/news/indiana-sheriff-jamey-noel-rejects-090906814.html) (The Courier Journal)

[Sen. Scott Baldwin explains donation to Oath Keepers, OK gained
attention for the Jan. 6 insurrection. It is an anti-government militia
group.](https://www.wthr.com/article/news/politics/indiana-sen-scott-baldwin-explains-donation-to-oath-keepers-indianapolis-capitol-trump-rodric-bray-mike-schmuhl/531-37ca1be7-c43a-463b-afba-dbacc74f7359) (WTHR)

[Indiana Sen. Scott Baldwin responds to record showing he is an Oath
Keepers
member](https://www.indystar.com/story/news/politics/2021/10/21/oath-keepers-indiana-sen-scott-baldwin-listed-member-document/6116620001/) (Indiana Star)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Kentucky

[Hack exposes law enforcement officers who signed up to join
anti-government Oath
Keepers](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2021/10/02/oath-keepers-hack-exposes-law-enforcement-officers-across-us/5949281001/) (USA Today)

## Louisiana

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a Militia Movement Took Root in
the Republican
Mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

## Ohio

[The Oath Keepers Next
Door](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/oath-keepers-investigation-public-employees-1246358/) (Rolling Stone)

## Maryland

[Oath Keepers data leak: An investigation of a far-right
militia](https://southernmarylandchronicle.com/2022/11/19/oath-keepers-data-leak-an-investigation-of-a-far-right-militia/) (Southern Maryland Chronicle)

## Massachusetts

[Hundreds of Massachusetts residents joined the extremist Oath Keepers.
Today, many are distancing
themselves](https://www.bostonglobe.com/2022/10/10/metro/hundreds-massachusetts-residents-joined-extremist-oath-keepers-today-many-are-distancing-themselves/) (Boston Globe)

## Michigan

[Leaked data shows Epik registered site associated with Neo-Nazi
terror](https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2021/11/16/leaked-data-shows-epik-registered-site-associated-neo-nazi-terror) (Hatewatch, Southern Poverty Law Center)

## Minnesota

[Minnesota House Republican's name appears on Oath Keepers membership
roster](https://minnesotareformer.com/2022/09/08/minnesota-house-republicans-name-appears-on-oath-keepers-membership-roster/) (Minnesota Reformer)

## Montana

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a Militia Movement Took Root in
the Republican
Mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

## New Jersey

[An Oath Keeper was at the Capitol riot. On Tuesday, he's on the
ballot](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/27/nyregion/oath-keeper-nj-assembly.html) (New York Times)

[Hacked Records Reveal Hundreds Of Oath Keepers Across New
Jersey](https://gothamist.com/news/hacked-records-reveal-hundreds-oath-keepers-across-new-jersey) (Gothamist)

[HCPO investigating the potential existence of Oath Keepers members in
local law
enforcement](https://hudsoncountyview.com/hcpo-investigating-the-potential-existence-of-oath-keepers-members-in-local-law-enforcement/) (Hudson County View)

## New York

[New York's Oath
Keepers](https://www.investigativepost.org/2022/09/14/new-yorks-oath-keepers/) (Investigative Post)

[Active-duty police in major U.S. cities appear on purported Oath
Keepers
rosters](https://www.npr.org/2021/11/05/1052098059/active-duty-police-in-major-u-s-cities-appear-on-purported-oath-keepers-rosters) (NPR)

[He belongs to a right-wing extremist group --- And Is running to
represent ultraliberal Park Slope,
Brooklyn](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/an-oath-keeper-is-running-for-ny-city-council) (BuzzFeed)

[How hacked records revealed Oath Keepers ties with police
departments](https://www.wnycstudios.org/podcasts/otm/segments/how-hacked-records-point-oath-keepers-ties-police-departments-on-the-media) (WNYC)

[Oath Keepers Data Leak Reveals Active NYC Police Officers as Members of
Far-Right
Militia](https://www.newsweek.com/oath-keepers-data-leak-reveals-active-nyc-police-officers-members-far-right-militia-1634356) (Newsweek)

[NYPD launches internal review of 2 officers after names appear in
leaked data apparently belonging to the Oath
Keepers](https://www.cnn.com/2021/09/30/us/nypd-oath-keepers-officers-investigated/index.html) (CNN)

[State Senator Pushes Governor To Probe Oath Keepers In Law Enforcement,
Military](https://gothamist.com/news/state-senator-pushes-governor-probe-oath-keepers-law-enforcement-military) (Gothamist)

## North Carolina

[After membership documents were leaked, we have new insight into the
Oath
Keepers](https://www.bpr.org/post/after-membership-documents-were-leaked-we-have-new-insight-oath-keepers#stream/0) (Blue Ridge Public Radio)

[2 NC lawmakers linked to Oath Keepers. Is this who Republicans want to
be?](https://www.charlotteobserver.com/opinion/article255170227.htm) (Charlotte Observer)

[NC GOP lawmaker on Oath Keepers roster says it's none of the public's
business](https://www.rawstory.com/keith-kidwell-nc-house/) (Raw Story)

## North Dakota

[Hacked Oath Keepers Records Show Active Members Of Law Enforcement And
The Military Tried To Join The Group After Jan.
6](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/oath-keepers-hacked-emails) (BuzzFeed)

## Oklahoma

[Oath Keepers in the State House: How a Militia Movement Took Root in
the Republican
Mainstream](https://www.propublica.org/article/oath-keepers-in-the-state-house-how-a-militia-movement-took-root-in-the-republican-mainstream) (ProPublica)

## Oregon

[Dozens of Oregon law enforcement officers have been members of the
far-right Oath Keepers
militia](https://www.opb.org/article/2021/10/15/dozens-of-oregon-law-enforcement-officers-joined-far-right-oath-keepers-militia/) (Oregon Public Broadcasting)

[Hacked data from Oath Keepers reveals name of Lake Oswego police
officer](https://pamplinmedia.com/lor/48-news/525757-420040-hacked-data-from-oath-keepers-reveals-name-of-lake-oswego-police-officer-) (Lake Oswego Review)

## Pennsylvania

[How the Oath Keepers turned Pennsylvania into a far-right militia
recruiting
hotbed](https://www.post-gazette.com/news/crime-courts/2023/01/06/oath-keepers-pennsylvania-capitol-riot/stories/202301060080) (Pittsburgh Post-Gazette)

[WITF earns 2 RTDNA Regional Edward R. Murrow
Awards](https://www.witf.org/2022/05/24/witf-earns-2-rtdna-regional-edward-r-murrow-awards/) (WITF)

[Police, constables in Pa. joined 'anti-government' Oath
Keepers](https://www.witf.org/2021/11/17/police-constables-in-pa-joined-anti-government-oath-keepers/) (WITF)

[Pittsburgh investigating police lieutenant's ties to extremist
group](https://www.publicsource.org/pittsburgh-investigating-police-lieutenant-extremist-oath-keepers/) (Public Source)

[They were trusted to train law enforcement officers, but they were
members of an anti-government militia
group](https://news.yahoo.com/were-trusted-train-law-enforcement-080017714.html) (Yahoo News/USA Today)

## South Carolina

[Hacked Oath Keepers Records Show Active Members Of Law Enforcement And
The Military Tried To Join The Group After Jan.
6](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/oath-keepers-hacked-emails) (BuzzFeed)

## South Dakota

[He's South Dakota's 'Most Conservative Lawmaker.' Is He Also an Oath
Keeper?](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/oath-keepers-leak-south-dakota-phil-jensen-1243935/) (Rolling Stone)

[South Dakota lawmaker no longer associates with right-wing militia
group Oath
Keepers](https://www.keloland.com/news/local-news/south-dakota-lawmaker-no-longer-associates-with-right-wing-militia-group-oath-keepers/) (Keloland)

[Who are the Oath
Keepers?](https://www.keloland.com/keloland-com-original/who-are-the-oath-keepers/) (Keloland)

## Tennessee

[Glenn Jacobs donated in 2013 to Oath Keepers before it morphed into
extremist group connected to Jan.
6](https://www.knoxnews.com/story/news/politics/2021/10/21/glenn-jacobs-once-donated-oath-keepers-now-extremist-group/6116194001/) (Knoxville News Sentinel)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Texas

[Texas law enforcement, public officials listed in Oath Keepers docs,
activists
say](https://eu.statesman.com/story/news/state/2022/09/07/texas-authorities-officials-found-in-oath-keepers-docs-activists-say/65742674007/) (Austin American Statesman)

[Two constables, four police chiefs and over 3,000 other Texans were
members of the Oath Keepers, report
says](https://www.texastribune.org/2022/09/07/texas-oath-keepers-adl/) (Texas Tribune)

[Texas sheriff linked to Oath Keepers charged with 'official
oppression'](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/texas-sheriff-oath-keeper-arrest-1259582/) (Rolling Stone)

[He's a Texas county's top law enforcement official. What's his name
doing on an Oath Keeper
roster?](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/texas-sheriff-oath-keeper-member-immigration-1256774/) (Rolling Stone)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Utah

[Iron County GOP leader on Oath Keepers
list](https://www.sltrib.com/news/politics/2021/10/22/iron-county-gop-leader/) (Salt Lake Tribune)

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

[Utah Republican tried to start his own Oath Keepers chapter -- but
'nobody showed up'](https://www.rawstory.com/volney-morin/) (Raw Story)

[Who's on Utah's hacked Oath Keeper rolls? Police, veterans and a top
government
official](https://www.sltrib.com/news/politics/2021/10/13/whos-utahs-hacked-oath/) (Salt Lake Tribune)

## Washington

[Ferndale officer returned to regular duties, investigation deemed
"unfounded"](https://whatcom-news.com/ferndale-officer-returned-to-regular-duties-investigation-deemed-unfounded_168801/) (Whatcom News)

[Ferndale Police officer placed on leave after allegedly contacting
extremist
group](https://www.bellinghamherald.com/news/local/article254871912.html) (Bellingham Herald)

## Washington D.C.

[Judicial Watch Investigations director listed as dues-paying Oath
Keeper, leak
shows](https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2021/11/02/judicial-watch-investigations-director-listed-dues-paying-oath-keeper-leak-shows) (Southern Poverty Law Center)

[Capitol riot suspects had more ties to Oath Keepers than previously
known](https://www.npr.org/2021/11/10/1054024084/capitol-riot-suspects-had-more-ties-to-oath-keepers-than-previously-known) (NPR)

[An Oath Keeper was at the Capitol riot. On Tuesday, he's on the
ballot](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/27/nyregion/oath-keeper-nj-assembly.html) (New York Times)

[The Oath Keepers Next
Door](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/oath-keepers-investigation-public-employees-1246358/) (Rolling Stone)

## West Virginia

[The Oath Keepers Next
Door](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/oath-keepers-investigation-public-employees-1246358/) (Rolling Stone)

## Wisconsin

[Leaked Oath Keepers data shows at least 28 elected officials have ties
to the
group](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jessicagarrison/leaked-oath-keepers-data-shows-at-least-28-elected) (BuzzFeed)

## Wyoming

[Three members of Wyoming law enforcement listed on far-right group
membership
logs](https://trib.com/news/state-and-regional/crime-and-courts/three-members-of-wyoming-law-enforcement-listed-on-far-right-group-membership-logs/article_aecc5e88-4429-11ed-9d1c-bb78b3393e24.html) (Casper Star Tribune)

[Leaked documents show LPD officer affiliated with Oath
Keepers](https://www.wyomingnews.com/laramieboomerang/news/leaked-documents-show-lpd-officer-affiliated-with-oath-keepers/article_69ee67de-4677-11ed-a169-bbbdae322911.html) (Laramie Boomerang)

## International

## Canada

[Oath Keepers, anti-democracy activists, and others on the far right are
funding Canada's "Freedom
Convoy"](https://theintercept.com/2022/02/17/freedom-convoy-givesendgo-canada-oath-keepers-funding/) (The Intercept)

## United Kingdom

[Oath Keepers: Leaked membership list includes police and
politicians](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-62827612)(BBC)

## Aftermath

[Oath Keepers' Rhodes guilty of Jan. 6 seditious
conspiracy](https://apnews.com/article/oath-keepers-founder-guilty-of-seditious-conspiracy-42affe1614425c6820f7cbe8fd18ba96) (Associated Press)

[Leader of Oath Keepers and Oath Keepers member found guilty of
seditious conspiracy and other charges related to U.S. Capitol
breach](https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/leader-oath-keepers-and-oath-keepers-member-found-guilty-seditious-conspiracy-and-other) (US Department of Justice)

Retrieved from
"[https://ddosecrets.com/index.php?title=Oath_Keepers&oldid=2580](../index.php%3Ftitle=Oath_Keepers&oldid=2580.html)"

[Categories](./Special:Categories.html "Special:Categories"):

- [Fascist](./Category:Fascist.html "Category:Fascist")
- [Hack](./Category:Hack.html "Category:Hack")
- [Organization](./Category:Organization.html "Category:Organization")
- [United States of
America](./Category:United_States_of_America.html "Category:United States of America")
