---
title: About
lastmod: '2023-12-02'
categories: []
info:
  dataset:
    country: ''
    type: ''
    source: ''
    size: ''
  download:
    magnet: ''
    torrent: ''
    direct: ''
  references: []
  notes: ''
---



From Distributed Denial of Secrets

# Contents

- [[1] [DDoSecrets
Collective]](About.html#DDoSecrets_Collective)
- [[2] [The Team]](About.html#The_Team)
- [[2.1] [Emma Best (she/they) -
@[[email¬†protected]]]](About.html#Emma_Best_(she/they)_-_@NatSecGeek@kolektiva.social)
- [[2.2] [Brassy
(they/them)]](About.html#Brassy_(they/them))
- [[2.3] [Paul Galante (he/him) -
@galanp02]](About.html#Paul_Galante_(he/him)_-_@galanp02)
- [[2.4] [Lorax B. Horne (they/them) -
@[[email¬†protected]]]](About.html#Lorax_B._Horne_(they/them)_-_@bbhorne@kolektiva.social)
- [[2.5] [Xan "Grace" North (they/them) -
@brazendyke]](About.html#Xan_‚ÄúGrace‚Äù_North_(they/them)_-_@brazendyke)
- [[2.6] [Gene Root
(they/them)]](About.html#Gene_Root_(they/them))
- [[2.7] [Oliver Shuey (he/him) -
@olivershuey]](About.html#Oliver_Shuey_(he/him)_-_@olivershuey)
- [[2.8] [Milo Trujillo (he/him) --
@[[email¬†protected]]]](About.html#Milo_Trujillo_(he/him)_‚Äì_@illegaldaydream@kolektiva.social)
- [[2.9] [Beka Valentine
(she/her)]](About.html#Beka_Valentine_(she/her))
- [[3] [Advisors]](About.html#Advisors)
- [[3.1] [Annalise Burkhart
(she/her)]](About.html#Annalise_Burkhart_(she/her))
- [[3.2] [Micah Lee (he/him) -
@[[email¬†protected]]]](About.html#Micah_Lee_(he/him)_-_@micahflee@infosec.exchange)
- [[3.3] [Freddy Martinez (he/him) -
@twocatsand_docs]](About.html#Freddy_Martinez_(he/him)_-_@twocatsand_docs)
- [[3.4] [Maggie Mayhem (she/her) -
@MsMaggieMayhem]](About.html#Maggie_Mayhem_(she/her)_-_@MsMaggieMayhem)
- [[3.5] [Glenn Sorrentino (he/him) -
@[[email¬†protected]]]](About.html#Glenn_Sorrentino_(he/him)_-_@gs@fosstodon.org)
- [[4] [Friends of the
Collective]](About.html#Friends_of_the_Collective)
- [[4.1] [European Investigative Collaborations
(EIC)]](About.html#European_Investigative_Collaborations_(EIC))
- [[4.2] [The Institute for Quantitative Social
Science (IQSS) at Harvard
University]](About.html#The_Institute_for_Quantitative_Social_Science_(IQSS)_at_Harvard_University)
- [[4.3] [SMAT]](About.html#SMAT)
- [[4.4] [Unicorn
Riot]](About.html#Unicorn_Riot)

## DDoSecrets Collective

Distributed Denial of Secrets (DDoSecrets) is a publisher and archive
for data leaked in the public interest, with news coverage from around
the world.

We are a small group, but our reach expands far beyond just our members.
Our founders had informally worked together and developed deep
connections in the field of data gathering, research, journalism,
activism and technology. In 2018, they decided to pool their expertise
and time to create a project representing shared transparency goals, and
provide an information sharing platform for others to know and trust.

Data we index must meet two criteria:

- Is it in the public interest?
- Can a prima facie case be made for the veracity of its contents?

Since 2018, we've grown by leaps and bounds, released dozens of
terabytes of data from over fifty countries, worked with countless
outlets and partnered with groups like the Organized Crime and
Corruption Reporting Project, European Investigative Collaborations, the
SilverLining Project at Harvard University's Institute for Quantitative
Social Science and the Social Media Analysis Toolkit (SMAT).

Our view is that data is a resource and a record. Data can never tell
the whole story. We trust the public to be responsible with data, and
open it up to them for rigorous examination. Given enough time and data,
the truth can always emerge.

As of July 2020, we are a registered 501(c)3 non-profit.

You can read more about the collective
[here](https://newrepublic.com/article/163106/ddossecrets-new-wikileaks-julian-assange) and
[here](https://www.mic.com/impact/distributed-denial-of-secrets-is-picking-up-where-wikileaks-left-off). For information on contacting us or submitting
data, see [Contact](Contact.html "Contact").

*Veritatem cognoscere ruat c√¶lum et pereat mundus*

## The Team

(In alphabetical order)

## Emma Best (she/they) - [[@[[email¬†protected]](https://kolektiva.social/@NatSecGeek)]]

Emma is a journalist and transparency advocate who has filed thousands
of FOIA requests with government agencies and written hundreds of
articles. They co-founded the collective and work with source
submissions and processing data. They're married to Xan North and they
raise a kid and two cats together.

**Email:** mx_yzptlk[@]riseup[dot]net

## Brassy (they/them)

Brassy is an agender, no-adjectives anarchist. They've been doing cyber
in the background for a good long while and prefer to keep their lips
tight about their other escapades.

## Paul Galante (he/him) - [@galanp02(https://twitter.com/galanp02)]

Paul is a dedicated FOIA requester and member of the transparency
community, always willing to lend a hand to those seeking information.
He currently acts as a "data wrangler" for the collective, expanding an
already diverse collection of records.

## Lorax B. Horne (they/them) - [@[[email¬†protected]](https://kolektiva.social/@bbhorne/)]

Lorax is a non-binary writer and journalist from Canada, Ecuador and the
United Kingdom. Their writing has appeared in Newsweek, the Guardian and
CBC and they are a former member of DDoSecrets' board of advisors.

## Xan "Grace" North (they/them) - [@brazendyke(https://twitter.com/brazendyke)]

Xan is a queer, antifascist anarchist that has acted as head of the
Jeremy Hammond Support Committee since 2013. They have worked
extensively in antifascist, anti-racist, and pro-choice activism, as
well as exploring the intersections of how technology can be used to
support anarchist, antifascist, sex workers' rights, and prisoner
support movements. They are a ethical vegan, protest medic, punk,
penguin lover, and enthusiastic petter of all the dogs. They are married
to Emma Best and they raise a kid and two cats together.

## Gene Root (they/them)

Gene is a data / systems scientist who is passionate about using their
skills to uncover and expose the truth.

## Oliver Shuey (he/him) - @olivershuey

Oliver is a trans anthropologist and activist. His background is in the
social studies of engineering, including identity formation, queer
representation, and activism in the field. He currently works as a
project manager for the collective.

## Milo Trujillo (he/him) -- [@[[email¬†protected]](https://kolektiva.social/@illegaldaydream)]

Milo is a social and computer scientist, hacktivist, and software
engineer. His background is in systems science, security, and
antifascist research. He currently acts as a liaison between DDoS and
research groups like IQSS, aids analysis as a computational social
scientist, and serves as the collective's sysadmin.

## Beka Valentine (she/her)

Beka is an anarchist trans dyke, programmer, extremely online tweeter,
and co-founder of Queerious Labs. She likes playing with functional
programming languages, GOFAI systems, and novel social software
technology.

## Advisors

(In alphabetical order)

## Annalise Burkhart (she/her)

Annalise is a transparency activist focused on accountability, privacy,
social justice, and surveillance. In addition to her long history as an
activist, Annalise draws on experience gained as director of operations
for the Pursuance Project.

## Micah Lee (he/him) - [@[[email¬†protected]](https://infosec.exchange/@micahflee)]

Micah is an open source developer and computer security engineer focused
on operational security, source protection, privacy and encryption. He
draws on his experience with The Intercept, Electronic Frontier
Foundation, and Tor Project, as well as developing OnionShare and
SecureDrop, and founding and acting as a board member of Freedom of the
Press Foundation.

## Freddy Martinez (he/him) - @twocatsand_docs

Freddy is a hacker and transparency activist with extensive experience
in public records gained through FOIA and other sunshine laws. He draws
on his experience as a Mozilla/Freedom of the Press Foundation fellow as
well as co-founding Lucy Parsons Labs.

## Maggie Mayhem (she/her) - [@MsMaggieMayhem(https://twitter.com/MsMaggieMayhem)]

Maggie Mayhem is an activist focused on sex worker rights, harm
reduction, and reproductive justice, keeping an eye on how technology
can help or hinder these causes. She is a beekeeper, marathon runner,
and textile artist.

## Glenn Sorrentino (he/him) - [@[[email¬†protected]](https://fosstodon.org/@gs)]

Glenn Sorrentino is the founder and Executive Director of [Science &
Design](https://scidsg.org), a
non-profit focused on free and open-source software for internet
freedom, activism, and LGBTQ+ rights. A refugee from Big Tech, Glenn's
decade as a product designer led to US patents, but he's more proud of
his work in the public domain üòò. His commitment to positive change
extends to volunteering for open-source projects like Signal,
OnionShare, and CalyxOS. As an advisor to Distributed Denial of Secrets,
he furthers his push for transparency and an equitable digital landscape

## Friends of the Collective

(In alphabetical order)

## European Investigative Collaborations (EIC)

The [European Investigative
Collaborations](https://web.archive.org/web/20210307091845/https://eic.network/) network is a European collaborative hybrid project
of transnational investigative journalism.

## The Institute for Quantitative Social Science (IQSS) at Harvard University

[IQSS's Silver Lining
Project](https://projects.iq.harvard.edu/silverlining/home) is an academic research group that creates social
good out of the chaos of leaked information.

## SMAT

The [Social Media Analysis Toolkit
(SMAT)](https://www.smat-app.com/) was
designed to help facilitate activists, journalists, researchers, and
other social good organizations to analyze and visualize larger trends
on a variety of platforms.

## Unicorn Riot

[Unicorn Riot](https://unicornriot.ninja/) is a decentralized, educational 501(c)(3) non-profit
media organization of artists and journalists. Their work is dedicated
to exposing root causes of dynamic social and environmental issues
through amplifying stories and exploring sustainable alternatives in
today's globalized world.

Retrieved from
"[https://ddosecrets.com/index.php?title=About&oldid=2754](../index.php%3Ftitle=About&oldid=2754.html)"

