---
title: Myanmar Internal Revenue Department
lastmod: '2023-12-02'
categories:
- Hack
- 'Limited

  Distribution'
- Myanmar
info:
  dataset:
    country: ''
    type: ''
    source: ''
    size: ''
  download:
    magnet: ''
    torrent: ''
    direct: ''
  references: []
  notes: ''
---



From Distributed Denial of Secrets

---
RELEASE

**Myanmar Internal Revenue Department**
Tax filings from Myanmar's Internal Revenue Department (IRD). The data includes all tax filings and supporting documents from 2021.
DATASET DETAILS
**COUNTRIES** Myanmar
**TYPE** Hack
**SOURCE** Sugondese Electronic Army
**FILE SIZE** 446 GB
[How to Request Access](Contact.html#Request_Access "Contact")
MORE
**REFERENCES**
[ICIJ investigation](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/about-deforestation-inc-investigation/)
**EDITOR NOTES**
[ReadMe.txt](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/23720370-readme-myanmar-internal-revenue-department) from the source
---

Tax filings from the Myanmar's Internal Revenue Department (IRD), a
state agency that has been illegally controlled by the Myanmar military
since the coup on February 1, 2021. The data includes tax filings and
supporting documents from 2021, with details of large tax payments that
have flowed into the junta's coffers.

# Contents

- [[1]
[Embargo]](Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department.html#Embargo)
- [[2]
[Research]](Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department.html#Research)
- [[3]
[Aftermath]](Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department.html#Aftermath)
- [[4] [Limited
Distribution]](Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department.html#Limited_Distribution)

## Embargo

Distributed Denial of Secrets made the data available to media outlets
including the Guardian, as well as ICIJ and its 39 media partners under
embargo as part of its [Deforestation Inc.
investigation](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/about-deforestation-inc-investigation/).

## Research

[JFM welcomes German criminal investigation into MAN links to Myanmar
Navy warships after
complaint](https://www.justiceformyanmar.org/press-releases/jfm-welcomes-german-criminal-investigation-into-man-links-to-myanmar-navy-warship-after-complaint) (Justice for Myanmar)

[ThaiBev unit expanding in
Myanmar](https://www.bangkokpost.com/business/general/2618886/thaibev-unit-expanding-in-myanmar) (Bangkok Post)

[Japan railway projects risk aiding and abetting Myanmar junta
atrocities](https://www.justiceformyanmar.org/stories/japan-railway-projects-risk-aiding-and-abetting-myanmar-junta-atrocities) (Justice for Myanmar)

[Recipe for a massacre: How does the Myanmar junta
thrive?](https://www.indiatoday.in/world/story/myanmar-junta-political-crisis-massacre-2367691-2023-05-02) (India Today)

[Canal+ accusé de relayer la propagande de la junte
birmane](https://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2023/04/28/en-birmanie-canal-accusee-de-relayer-la-propagande-de-la-junte-militaire_6171312_3234.html) (Le Monde)

[Myanmar: Wasserkraft Made in Austria für eine sanktionierte
Militärdiktatur](https://www.profil.at/investigativ/myanmar-wasserkraft-made-in-austria-fuer-eine-sanktionierte-militaerdiktatur/402363717) (Profil)

[Wie deutsche Unternehmen mit der Militärjunta Geschäfte
machen](https://www.handelsblatt.com/politik/international/myanmar-wie-deutsche-unternehmen-mit-der-militaerjunta-geschaefte-machen/29032694.html) (Handelsblatt)

[European firms paid millions by illegal Myanmar junta for disastrous
dam
projects](https://www.justiceformyanmar.org/stories/european-firms-paid-millions-by-illegal-myanmar-junta-for-disastrous-dam-projects) (Justice for Myanmar)

[Heineken blijft in Myanmar, ook al vloeit het merendeel van de
opbrengst naar het
schrikbewind](https://www.ftm.nl/artikelen/belastingen-heineken-steun-militaire-dictatuur-myanmar) (Follow the Money)

[Revealed: how world's biggest fossil fuel firms 'profited in Myanmar
after
coup'](https://www.financeuncovered.org/stories/revealed-how-worlds-biggest-fossil-fuel-firms-profited-in-myanmar-after-coup) (Finance Uncovered)

[Heineken, Carlsberg and Thaibev pay tens of millions of dollars in tax
to Myanmar
Junta](https://www.justiceformyanmar.org/stories/heineken-carlsberg-and-thaibev-pay-tens-of-millions-of-dollars-in-tax-to-myanmar-junta) (Justice for Myanmar)

['Leave our country,' locals tell international firms involved in
Myanmar junta hydropower
projects](https://myanmar-now.org/en/news/leave-our-country-locals-tell-international-firms-involved-in-myanmar-junta-hydropower-projects) (Myanmar Now)

[European firms paid millions by illegal Myanmar junta for disastrous
dam
projects](https://www.justiceformyanmar.org/stories/european-firms-paid-millions-by-illegal-myanmar-junta-for-disastrous-dam-projects) (Justice for Myanmar)

[Revealed: how world's biggest fossil fuel firms 'profited in Myanmar
after
coup'](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/feb/01/myanmar-oil-gas-companies-profits-regime-coup) (The Guardian)

[Reporters share behind-the-scenes stories from Deforestation
Inc.](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/reporters-share-behind-the-scenes-stories-from-deforestation-inc/?utm_source=ICIJ&utm_campaign=77d066c2f5-20230329_WeeklyEmail&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_992ecfdbb2-77d066c2f5-82255333) (ICIJ)

[Environmental auditors approve green labels for products linked to
deforestation and authoritarian
regimes](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/auditors-green-labels-sustainability-environmental-harm/) (ICIJ)

[Green forestry claims
tested](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/green-claims-case-studies/) (ICIJ)

[Watch: How green labels can hide environmental
harm](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/video-deforestation-green-claims-products/) (ICIJ)

[About the Deforestation Inc.
investigation](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/about-deforestation-inc-investigation/) (ICIJ)

[Tracking dubious timber trail & myth of
afforestation](https://indianexpress.com/article/express-exclusive/deforestation-timber-trail-afforestation-myth-8474160/) (The Indian Express)

[Lutyens' bungalows, RBI, encroachments are 'forests' in govt's forest
cover
map](https://indianexpress.com/article/express-exclusive/lutyens-bungalows-rbi-encroachments-forests-govt-forest-cover-map-8474137/) (Indian Express)

[The case for open, verifiable forest cover
data](https://indianexpress.com/article/explained/explained-climate/india-forest-tree-cover-data-deforestation-explained-8474163/) (Indian Express)

[Hoe teakhout uit Myanmar illegaal bij Nederlandse superjachtbouwers
belandt](https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2023/03/01/hoe-teakhout-uit-myanmar-illegaal-bij-nederlandse-superjachtbouwers-belandt-a4158351) (NRC)

[De import van teakhout uit Myanmar gaat ondanks Europese sancties
door](https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2023/03/01/de-import-van-teakhout-uit-myanmar-gaat-ondanks-europese-sancties-door-a4158344) (NRC)

[Jeff Bezos, luxe jachten en een militair regime: de strijd om hout uit
Myanmar](https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2023/03/02/jeff-bezos-luxe-jachten-en-een-militair-regime-de-strijd-om-hout-uit-myanmar-a4158429) (NRC)

[Wie Holzräuber die ältesten Wälder Europas
zerstören](https://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/rodung-in-rumaenien-wie-holzraeuber-die-aeltesten-waelder-europas-zerstoeren-a-d6b0149e-a843-4f91-ae08-6f9afbcf29f7) (Der Spiegel)

[Superreiche wollen Myanmar-Teak für ihre Jachten -- und die Junta
profitiert](https://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/illegaler-holzhandel-jachtindustrie-wie-verbotenes-teak-aus-myanmar-nach-deutschland-importiert-wird-a-b979cef6-845c-4ee0-9c5b-1f44550f9acb) (Der Spiegel)

[Das weltweite Geschäft mit dem Holz: Das Verschwinden der
Bäume](https://www.sueddeutsche.de/projekte/artikel/politik/rumaenien-holz-mafia-wald-baeume-umweltschutz-umweltzerstoerung-deforestation-inc-saniral-egger-hs-timber-kronospan-e559172/) (Süddeutsche Zeitung)

[Teak aus Myanmar:Die Holzindustrie kassiert, die Militärjunta
profitiert](https://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/holz-teak-sanktionen-eu-myanmar-1.5760949) (Süddeutsche Zeitung)

[Das weltweite Geschäft mit dem Holz: Wie rabiate Holzbetriebe zu ihren
Zertifikaten
kommen](https://www.sueddeutsche.de/projekte/artikel/wirtschaft/abholzung-tuev-zertifizierungsunternehmen-holzwirtschaft-nachhaltigkeitssiegel-e489005/) (Süddeutsche Zeitung)

[Illegale Abholzung mit grünem
Anstrich](https://orf.at/stories/3306933/) (ORF)

[Teakholz füllt die Kassen der
Militärjunta](https://www.tagesschau.de/investigativ/ndr-wdr/teak-holz-myanmar-101.html) (Tagesschau)

[Zertifikate für ein gutes
Gewissen](https://www.tagesschau.de/investigativ/ndr-wdr/holz-papier-nachhaltigkeit-zertifikate-101.html) (Tagesschau)

["Ob es eine Lüge ist, muss man im Einzelfall sehen", Marcus Engert,
NDR, über die Herstellung von
Holz-Pellets](https://www.ardmediathek.de/video/tagesschau24/ob-es-eine-luege-ist-muss-man-im-einzelfall-sehen-marcus-engert-ndr-ueber-die-herstellung-von-holz-pellets/tagesschau24/Y3JpZDovL2Rhc2Vyc3RlLmRlL3RhZ2Vzc2NoYXUyNC9hNTcwNjdhMC1lOTQyLTQ1ZDQtYTY4ZS03YzM5MGJkOTQ3MTAvMQ) (Tagesschau)

[Holzmafia" in Rumänien"Die illegale Abholzung wird
zunehmen"](https://www.tagesschau.de/investigativ/ndr-wdr/holz-mafia-rumaenien-101.html) (Tagesschau)

[Organisiertes Verbrechen - Recherchen im
Verborgenen](https://open.spotify.com/show/7MlF5HAnlz6R9o3HVV63AN?si=4b0b1cc8397a4e1a&nd=1) (NDR)

[Blood teak for the super rich props up a cruel
regime](https://www.dw.com/en/blood-teak-for-the-super-rich-props-up-a-cruel-regime/a-64854613) (DW)

[Deforestation Inc.: How 'green' firms prevent climate
action](https://www.dw.com/en/deforestation-inc-how-green-firms-prevent-climate-action/a-64851705) (DW)

[Certificiranje neprocjenjive
štete](https://www.portal-ostro.hr/hr/price/certificiranje-neprocjenjive-stete) (Oštro)

[Zeleni le na
papirju](https://www.ostro.si/si/zgodbe/zeleni-le-na-papirju) (Oštro)

[Deforestacija v Mjanmaru, dobički tudi v
Sloveniji](https://www.ostro.si/si/zgodbe/deforestacija-v-mjanmaru-dobicki-tudi-v-sloveniji) (Oštro)

[Tragovi prekomjerne sječe mjanmarske tikovine vode i u
Hrvatsku](https://www.portal-ostro.hr/hr/price/tragovi-prekomjerne-sjece-mjanmarske-tikovine-hrvatska) (Oštro)

[Who's behind Canada's new pulp-and-paper powerhouse, and where's the
money coming
from?](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/paper-excellence-pulp-china-1.6772654) (CBC)

[Deforestation Inc.: Investigation unravels B.C. forestry links to
China](https://www.coastreporter.net/resources-agriculture/deforestation-inc-investigation-unravels-bc-forestry-links-to-china-6690416) (Glacier Media)

[Deforestation Inc: How Canada's biggest forestry company is lobbying
government](https://www.burnabynow.com/highlights/deforestation-inc-how-canadas-biggest-forestry-company-is-lobbying-government-6640129?utm_source=coast%20reporter&utm_campaign=coast%20reporter%3A%20outbound&utm_medium=referral) (Burnaby Now)

[Deforestation Inc.: Is Canada's biggest forestry company living up to
its green
promises?](https://www.burnabynow.com/highlights/deforestation-inc-is-canadas-biggest-forestry-company-living-up-to-its-green-promises-6640160?utm_source=coast%20reporter&utm_campaign=coast%20reporter%3A%20outbound&utm_medium=referral) (Burnaby Now)

[Deforestation Inc.: Who is behind B.C.'s pulp and paper
giant?](https://www.burnabynow.com/highlights/deforestation-inc-who-is-behind-bcs-pulp-and-paper-giant-6640085?utm_source=coast%20reporter&utm_campaign=coast%20reporter%3A%20outbound&utm_medium=referral) (Burnaby Now)

[Deforestation Inc: How an email from China triggered an international
investigative journalism
project](https://www.halifaxexaminer.ca/investigation/deforestation-inc-how-an-email-from-china-triggered-an-international-investigative-journalism-project/) (Halifax Examiner)

[Deforestation Inc: Paper Excellence and the 'environmental insult' to a
First Nation
community](https://www.halifaxexaminer.ca/investigation/deforestation-inc-paper-excellence-and-the-environmental-insult-to-a-first-nation-community/) (Halifax Examiner)

[Chancela verde para crimes
ambientais](https://piaui.folha.uol.com.br/chancela-verde-para-crimes-ambientais/) (Revista Piauí)

[How two intertwined companies dominate the paper
market](https://www.lemonde.fr/en/les-decodeurs/article/2023/03/01/how-two-intertwined-companies-dominate-the-paper-market_6017837_8.html) (Le Monde)

[Une enquête révèle les failles du système de certification du bois
« responsable »](https://www.lemonde.fr/les-decodeurs/article/2023/03/01/une-enquete-revele-les-failles-du-systeme-de-certification-du-bois-responsable_6163785_4355770.html) (Le Monde)

[Wood sector: France trapped by 'job creation
blackmail'](https://www.lemonde.fr/en/les-decodeurs/article/2023/03/01/wood-sector-france-trapped-by-job-creation-blackmail_6017836_8.html) (Le Monde)

["Deforestation Inc": derrière deux usines de pâte à papier
françaises, un groupe indonésien impliqué dans la
déforestation](https://www.francetvinfo.fr/monde/environnement/enquete-deforestation-inc-derriere-deux-usines-de-pate-a-papier-francaises-un-groupe-indonesien-implique-dans-la-deforestation_5686703.html) (France TV)

["Deforestation Inc": comment du bois issu de la déforestation se
retrouve toujours dans le
commerce](https://www.francetvinfo.fr/monde/environnement/enquete-deforestation-inc-comment-du-bois-issu-de-la-deforestation-se-retrouve-toujours-dans-le-commerce_5686718.html) (France TV)

[Deforestation Inc: une enquête internationale révèle les failles de
règlementation du commerce du
bois](https://www.radiofrance.fr/franceinter/deforestation-inc-une-enquete-internationale-revele-les-failles-de-reglementation-du-commerce-du-bois-9372211) (Radio France)

[Blut-Holz: Wie Teak aus Myanmar trotz Sanktionen in die EU
gelangt](https://www.profil.at/investigativ/blut-holz-wie-teak-aus-myanmar-trotz-sanktionen-in-die-eu-gelangt/402347934) (Profil)

[Frequently asked questions about the Deforestation Inc.
investigation](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/deforestation-inc-faqs/) (ICIJ)

[Revealed: How Myanmar 'blood timber' found its way to
Whangārei](https://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/revealed-how-myanmar-blood-timber-found-its-way-to-whangarei/ABKHUTHP2BGGLIRHJHUQQX7AKE/) (NZ Herald)

[Conflict Wood: Under sanctions, prized Myanmar teak finds its way to
US, EU markets via
India](https://indianexpress.com/article/express-exclusive/conflict-wood-myanmar-teak-us-eu-markets-via-india-8475459/lite/) (The Indian Express)

[Illegales Teakholz für Europas
Luxusyachten](https://www.derstandard.at/story/2000144075087/teakholz-aus-myanmar-schattenhandel-fuehrt-auch-nach-europa) (Der Standard)

[Soldi italiani al regime birmano: così il legno dei super yacht
finanzia i generali
golpisti](https://espresso.repubblica.it/inchieste/2023/03/03/news/legno_birmania_yatch-390270042/amp/) (L'Espresso)

[Legname insanguinato: la rotta del teak dal Myanmar
all'Italia](https://irpimedia.irpi.eu/deforestazionespa-birmania-italia-traffico-legname/) (IRPI Media)

## Aftermath

[In den Untiefen des
Welthandels](https://www.sueddeutsche.de/projekte/artikel/wirtschaft/man-es-myanmar-militaerjunta-schiff-e890931/?reduced=true) (Suddeutsche Zeitung)

[AFRY to end its commitment in hydropower projects in
Myanmar](https://afry.com/en/newsroom/press-releases/afry-end-its-commitment-in-hydropower-projects-in-myanmar) (AFRY press release)

[Svenska konsultjätten anklagas för miljonaffärer med juntan i
Myanmar](https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/Ll9d1x/svenska-konsultjatten-afry-anklagas-for-affarer-med-juntan-i-myanmar) (Aftonbladet)

[Myanmar: Report lists oilfield services companies & investors that
allegedly support the military junta; incl. company
responses](https://www.business-humanrights.org/en/latest-news/myanmar-report-lists-oilfield-services-companies-investors-that-allegedly-supports-the-military-junta-incl-company-responses/) (Business & Human Rights Resource Centre)

[MPs call for probe into B.C. company's ties after Glacier Media
investigation](https://www.coastreporter.net/resources-agriculture/mps-call-for-probe-into-bc-companys-ties-after-glacier-media-investigation-6706181) (Coast Reporter)

[Canadian lawmakers call for probe into puld and paper giant following
Deforestation Inc.
revelations](https://www.icij.org/investigations/deforestation-inc/canadian-lawmakers-call-for-probe-into-pulp-and-paper-giant-following-deforestation-inc-revelations/?utm_source=ICIJ&utm_campaign=d19eaceca1-20230323_WeeklyEmail&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_992ecfdbb2-d19eaceca1-82255333) (ICIJ)

[Deforestation Inc: Media investigation into Paper Excellence ignites
concerns on Parliament Hill over the company's mysterious ownership,
Chinese ties, and rapid expansion in
Canada](https://www.halifaxexaminer.ca/investigation/deforestation-inc-media-investigation-into-paper-excellence-ignites-concerns-on-parliament-hill-over-the-companys-mysterious-ownership-chinese-ties-and-rapid-expansion-in-canada/) (Halifax Examiner)

## Limited Distribution

Due to the potential for sensitive information and at the request of the
source, the data is only available to journalists and researchers.

Retrieved from
"[https://ddosecrets.com/index.php?title=Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department&oldid=2582](../index.php%3Ftitle=Myanmar_Internal_Revenue_Department&oldid=2582.html)"

[Categories](./Special:Categories.html "Special:Categories"):

- [Hack](./Category:Hack.html "Category:Hack")
- [Limited
Distribution](./Category:Limited_Distribution.html "Category:Limited Distribution")
- [Myanmar](./Category:Myanmar.html "Category:Myanmar")
