---
title: Torrents
lastmod: '2023-12-02'
categories: []
info:
  dataset:
    country: ''
    type: ''
    source: ''
    size: ''
  download:
    magnet: ''
    torrent: ''
    direct: ''
  references: []
  notes: ''
---



From Distributed Denial of Secrets

# Contents

- [[1] [What are
Torrents?]](Torrents.html#What_are_Torrents?)
- [[2] [How do I download a
Torrent?]](Torrents.html#How_do_I_download_a_Torrent?)
- [[3] [How do I help
others?]](Torrents.html#How_do_I_help_others?)
- [[4] [Can I download data without a Torrent, or receive
technical
support?]](Torrents.html#Can_I_download_data_without_a_Torrent,_or_receive_technical_support?)

## What are Torrents?

Torrents break up large files into small pieces that can be downloaded
from many other users at once. Torrents are faster than an HTTP download
when many users are sharing the data. Since torrents have no central
server, they are difficult to shut down and will continue to function
even if our website goes offline.

A torrent consists of a small `.torrent` file containing an index of all
the small pieces to download and contact information to find other users
sharing the data. Alternatively, this metadata can be encoded in a
"magnet link", which is a string of text that will look similar to:
[`magnet:?xt=urn:btih:8cf92b7cd3f022fa5478b84963e89c1dd0af090f&dn=BlueLeaks&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2F9.rarbg.to%3A2920%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.opentrackr.org%3A1337&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.leechers-paradise.org%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3A6969%2Fannounce`](magnet:?xt=urn:btih:8cf92b7cd3f022fa5478b84963e89c1dd0af090f&dn=BlueLeaks&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2F9.rarbg.to%3A2920%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.opentrackr.org%3A1337&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.leechers-paradise.org%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3A6969%2Fannounce)

**Downloading torrent data will reveal your IP address to other users
sharing the data.** If you are uncomfortable with this, seek someone's
help creating a
[seedbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seedbox) to aid you in downloading anonymously.

For more on how torrents work at a technical level, [read this article
by a collective
member](https://backdrifting.net/post/037_torrents).

## How do I download a Torrent?

Each release from DDoSecrets will have a magnet link and/or torrent file
listed on its informational webpage. You will need torrent software on
your computer to download the associated data. We recommend
[Transmission](https://transmissionbt.com/) for MacOS and Linux, and
[BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/products/win/bittorrent-classic-free/) for Windows. Once you have opened the torrent
software, do one of the following:

1. Copy the magnet link from our website and find a menu item for "Add
URL for Torrent" or "Add Magnet Link". Paste the magnet link in, and
follow the on-screen instructions for specifying where to save the
downloaded data. Downloading will then begin automatically.

2. Download the `.torrent` file, and open it with the torrent software.
Then follow similar on-screen instructions to specify where to save the
download, and begin.

## How do I help others?

Once you finish downloading a release, leave your torrent software
running! Your computer will begin "seeding", sharing what you've
downloaded with others. This will improve download speeds for everyone
else and make it harder to censor the release. Your computer will
continue seeding until you close the torrent software, "pause" the
torrent, or delete the torrent. You can pause a torrent or close the
software, and resume seeding at a later date.

## Can I download data without a Torrent, or receive technical support?

We may be able to provide limited assistance to journalists we have
worked with before, but this is subject to the availability of
collective members. If you are a journalist or academic institution
interested in data we are hosting, [Contact us](Contact.html "Contact").
We may be able to provide assistance or set up a direct HTTP download
for you.

Retrieved from
"[https://ddosecrets.com/index.php?title=Torrents&oldid=444](../index.php%3Ftitle=Torrents&oldid=444.html)"

